feat: checkedBranches (#21845)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

For `sbt` note that Renovate will update the version string only for packages that have the version string in their project's `built.sbt` file.

## checkedBranches

> This array will allow you to set the names of the branches you want to rebase/create as if you ticked their checkboxes in dependency dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This array will allow you to set the names of the branches you want to rebase/create, as if you selected their checkboxes in the Dependency Dashboard issue.
```

> GitHub offers an interactive dependency dashboard while some other platforms don't have that option.
> 
> This array will allow you to set the names of the branches you want to rebase/create as if you checked their boxes in dependency dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This array will allow you to set the names of the branches you want to rebase/create as if you ticked their checkboxes in dependency dashboard.

Example: `renovate --checked-branches=renovate/chalk-4.x renovate-reproductions/checked` will result in the rebasing of the `renovate/chalk-4.x` branch in the `renovate-reproductions/checked` repository.`
```

> Example: `renovate --checked-branches=renovate/chalk-4.x renovate-reproductions/checked` will result in the rebasing of the `renovate/chalk-4.x` branch in the `renovate-reproductions/checked` repository.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: `renovate --checked-branches=renovate/chalk-4.x renovate-reproductions/checked` will rebase the `renovate/chalk-4.x` branch in the `renovate-reproductions/checked` repository.`
```
